added collator instructions (#29)
PureStake/moonbeam-docs: node-operators/networks/collator.md

     --no-telemetry \
     --collator \ 
     --author-id PUBLIC_KEY \
     --port {{ networks.parachain.p2p }} \
     --rpc-port {{ networks.parachain.rpc }} \
     --ws-port {{ networks.parachain.ws }} \
     --pruning=archive \
     --unsafe-rpc-external \
     --unsafe-ws-external \
     --rpc-methods=Safe \
     --rpc-cors all \
     --log rpc=info \
     --base-path {{ networks.moonbase.node_directory }} \
     --chain alphanet \
     --name "YOUR-NODE-NAME" \
     -- \
     --port {{ networks.relay_chain.p2p }} \
     --rpc-port {{ networks.relay_chain.rpc }} \
     --ws-port {{ networks.relay_chain.ws }} \
     --pruning=archive \
     --name="YOUR-NODE-NAME (Embedded Relay)"
     
[Install]
WantedBy=multi-user.target
```

We are almost there! We need to register and start the service by running:

```
systemctl enable moonbeam.service
systemctl start moonbeam.service
```

And lastly, verify the service is running:

```
systemctl status moonbeam.service
```

![Service Status](/images/fullnode/fullnode-binary2.png)

We can also check the logs by executing:

```
journalctl -f -u moonbeam.service
```

![Service Logs](/images/fullnode/fullnode-binary3.png)

## Telemetry

> _Comming soon_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Coming soon_
```

---
title: Collator

> description: How to run a full Parachain node for the Moonbeam Network to have your own RPC Endpoint

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: How to run a Collator node for the Moonbeam Network to author blocks
```

Author: updated

---

# Run a Collator on Moonbeam

![Full Node Moonbeam Banner](/images/fullnode/fullnode-banner.png)

## Introduction

> With the release of Moonbase Alpha v6, you can spin up a collator that connects to the Moonbase Alpha TestNet, syncs with a bootnode, and provides local access your own RPC endpoints. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With the release of Moonbase Alpha v6, you can spin up a collator that connects to the Moonbase Alpha TestNet, syncs with a bootnode, and provides local access your own RPC endpoints, and authors blocks in the parachain. 
```

## Running Ports

As stated before, the parachain node will listen on multiple ports. The default Substrate ports are used in the parachain, while the relay chain will listen on the next higher port.

The only ports that need to be open for incoming traffic are those designated for P2P.

### Default ports for a parachain full-node

|  Description |   |                Port                  |
|:------------:|:-:|:------------------------------------:|
|    **P2P**   |   | {{ networks.parachain.p2p }} (TCP)   |
|    **RPC**   |   | {{ networks.parachain.rpc }}         |
|    **WS**    |   | {{ networks.parachain.ws }}          |
|**Prometheus**|   | {{ networks.parachain.prometheus }}  |

### Default ports of embedded relay chain

|  Description |   |                Port                  |
|:------------:|:-:|:------------------------------------:|
|    **P2P**   |   | {{ networks.relay_chain.p2p }} (TCP) |
|    **RPC**   |   | {{ networks.relay_chain.rpc }}       |
|    **WS**    |   | {{ networks.relay_chain.ws }}        |
|**Prometheus**|   | {{ networks.relay_chain.prometheus }}|
 

> ## Installation Instructions - Generate an Account

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Prep Work - Generate an Account
```

A Moonbase Alpha Collator can be spun up quickly using Docker. For more information on installing Docker, please visit [this page](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/). At the time of writing, the Docker version used was 19.03.6.

First, we need to create a local directory to store the chain data, and also set the necessary permissions:

```
mkdir {{ networks.moonbase.node_directory }}
```

!!! note
    Make sure you set the permissions accordingly for the local directory that stores the chain data.

Now we can execute the docker run command. Note that you have to replace `YOUR-NODE-NAME` in two different places, and insert your `PUBLIC_KEY` (the Ethereum H160 account you configured above). 

```
docker run -p {{ networks.relay_chain.p2p }}:{{ networks.relay_chain.p2p }} -p {{ networks.parachain.p2p }}:{{ networks.parachain.p2p }} -v "{{ networks.moonbase.node_directory }}:/data" \
purestake/moonbase-parachain-testnet:{{ networks.moonbase.parachain_docker_tag }} \
/moonbase-alphanet/moonbase-alphanet \
    --base-path=/data \
    --chain alphanet \
    --name="YOUR-NODE-NAME" \
    --collator \ 
    --author-id PUBLIC_KEY \
    --execution wasm \
    --wasm-execution compiled \

>     --state-cache-size {{networks.moonbase.state-cache-size }} \

Reviewer 2: no longer necessary

Author: updated in latest

  - Replace `YOUR-NODE-NAME` in two different places
  - Replace `PUBLIC-KEY` with the public key of your H160 Ethereum address created above
  - Double-check that the binary is in the proper path as described below (_ExecStart_)
  - Double-check the base path if you've used a different directory 
  - Name the file `/etc/systemd/system/moonbeam.service`

```
[Unit]
Description="Moonbase Alpha systemd service"
After=network.target
StartLimitIntervalSec=0

[Service]
Type=simple
Restart=on-failure
RestartSec=10
User=moonbase_service
SyslogIdentifier=moonbase
SyslogFacility=local7
KillSignal=SIGHUP
ExecStart={{ networks.moonbase.node_directory }}/moonbase-alphanet \
     --parachain-id 1000 \
     --no-telemetry \
     --collator \ 
     --author-id PUBLIC_KEY \
     --port {{ networks.parachain.p2p }} \
     --rpc-port {{ networks.parachain.rpc }} \
     --ws-port {{ networks.parachain.ws }} \
     --pruning=archive \
     --unsafe-rpc-external \
     --unsafe-ws-external \
     --rpc-methods=Safe \
     --rpc-cors all \
     --log rpc=info \
     --base-path {{ networks.moonbase.node_directory }} \
     --chain alphanet \
     --name "YOUR-NODE-NAME" \

>      --state-cache-size {{networks.moonbase.state-cache-size }} \

Reviewer 2: no longer necessary

Author: updated in latest
